Chore/link to docs (#14)
redwoodjs/learn.redwoodjs.com: README.md

### Docusaurus 2 + Crowdin

> We are using a late stage Aplpha release of Docusuraus 2 that includes integration with l10n management service Crowdin. The docs for V2 of Docusaurus can be found [here](https://v2.docusaurus.io/docs/next/), we also have [this PR](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/pull/3325) and [this explanatory comment](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/issues/3317#issuecomment-742589241) to reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are using a late stage Alpha release of Docusuraus 2 that includes experimental integration with l10n management service Crowdin. The docs for V2 of Docusaurus can be found [here](https://v2.docusaurus.io/docs/next/), we also have [this PR](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/pull/3325) and [this explanatory comment](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/issues/3317#issuecomment-742589241) to reference
```

Author: Thanks, I like that and have made the change.
